1) Specfications do not state what happens to the physical player token on the board when they lose.
So, we decided they can still move, but cannot make accusations or suggestions, only refutations.

￼2) Each individual movement from the player token is prompted by System.in, up to the maximum number of movements
determined by the sum of the dice rolls.

3) At the start of the game, we need a way for players to choose their game characters. 
We assume that players 1, 2, 3, e.t.c. in sequence choose which character to play.

4) Specifications states that squares "(those within rooms) may optionally be treated as a single location".
We are treating squares within rooms as multiple multiple squares, not a single location"

5) Specifications states that the "prototype does not need to honour the fact that rooms are technically not 
divided by grid cells in the original game". We are treating rooms as being divided into grid cells.

6) Specifications don't speficially state what are the rooms that make up the 9 rooms. We will assume the 9 rooms
are the ones displayed in the .pdf picture:
- kitchen, ball room, conservatory, dining room, lounge, hall, billiard room, library, and study.

7) Entrances to rooms are not specified, thus we will assume entrances are based on the entrances on the .pdf handout image.

8) When another player refutes the current player's suggestion, it is not stated how the refutation card is shown privately to the current player.
We assume that every player is playing on the same device.
....

9) When the current player makes a false accusation that does not match the envelope, how this is shown privately 
only to the accusing player is not specified.
We assume that every player is playing on the same device.
....

10) Specifications don't tell us how to specifically lay out the board. We assume that the board looks like the image
described on the pdf handout.

11) Player has the option to end turn without making an accusation or suggestion.

12) If a player is refuting a suggestion and has a matching card in hand, they must play the card.
