three to six players
move
board
nine rooms 
murder circumstances: murderer was, what weapon, room.
The centre space (the “Cellar”)is inaccessible to players.

The board: 24x25 squares
Players move on Board.
There are six starting squares located at the perimeter of the board. Each starting square is specifically mapped to character.

2.3 Characters
There are six characters, one of which (randomly selected for each game play) is the murderer:
• Miss Scarlett
• Colonel Mustard
• Mrs. White
• Mr. Green
• Mrs. Peacock
• Professor Plum
Each player assumes the role of one of these characters. If there are less then six players, some of the
characters will be unused

2.4 Weapons
There are six weapons in the game, one of which is the murder weapon:
• Candlestick
• Dagger
• Lead Pipe
• Revolver
• Rope
• Spanner
Each weapon is initially placed in a room chosen at random, such that no two weapons are in the
same room.

2.6 User Interface
1. Begins by asking how many players wish to participate.
2. At the start of each turn, the program rolls the two dice to determine the move distance of the
player who’s turn it is by using the sum of the dice values. The current player then moves their
token to a desired spot on the grid.
3. Once a player has moved, they are presented with the option of making a suggestion or an
accusation.
4. The program then repeats steps 2–4 for the next player, unless a player has won or all players
have been eliminated from making accusations.

2.5 Rules
Every character, weapon and room is represented by a card in the game. 
Before the game starts, one character, one weapon, and one room card are blindly selected at random. This selection represents
the murder circumstances. The respective cards go into an envelope to be hidden from view.
The remaining weapon, room and character cards are then dealt evenly to players.

Players then take it in turns to roll two dice and move their character token a corresponding number
(sum of the dice values) of squares. Diagonal movement is not allowed and no space may be used
twice during one turn. When a player enters a room, they do not need to use any remaining moves
they have left. They may then make a suggestion which comprises the room they are in, a character and a weapon. If the character and weapon named
in the suggestion are not in that room yet, they are now moved into the room.
When a suggestion is made, each player, in a clockwise fashion, starting from the current player,
attempts produce one card that matches one of
the named murder circumstances. 

An accusation comprises a character, a weapon, and a room. If the accusation made by a player exactly matches
the actual murder circumstances the player wins, otherwise the player is excluded from making further suggestions or accusations. This means
the player will continue to refute suggestions.
